(What’s happening here…?)
Kim Lip: I don’t want to do this! I'm serious!
‘She will rap today’
‘for the music video.’
Kim Lip: Are you serious?
‘Sure.’
Kim Lip: I’m sure that they’re making fun of me.
(Hey, Lip.. It’s serious.)
Kim Lip: I really can’t do this!!!
(Kim Lip is practicing so hard, even though she said she wouldn’t rap!)
(A new idea suddenly came to mind!)
‘I think HaSeul will do it very well.'
‘HaSeul is good at everything, especially what she was asked.’
(Kim Lip is making a call to HaSeul.)
Kim Lip: HaSeul, you’ll rap when you arrive here.
HaSeul: Rap? Did you say 'Rap'??
(She’s embarrassed.)
(Lip’s mission complete!)
Kim Lip: Practice hard. Okay? See you soon~
(So that’s why it’s happening)
HaSeul: You… rap… too..?
Kim Lip: Right. You and me together.
(So that’s why it’s happening)
HaSeul: Really?
HaSeul: I’m changing clothes. It’s a girl crush concept.
(HeeJin appears suddenly!)
HeeJin: LOYALTY!!
HeeJin: Ah, I really want to do that.
Kim Lip: Please HeeJin do it!!
HeeJin: Let me do it!!!
HeeJin: I'm confident that I'll do well!!